and I bought an
iPhone X S Max for about 500 euros and an additional discount
my new iPhone X has arrived I paid only
500 euros for it at the salt point it
's of course super original apart from that you
can check it out on Apple with the
serial number criminal and my new
MacBook but the important thing as far as
the design is concerned is that it only cost me
600 euros on the page it's blue and
the truth is that they are super reliable they are
very well known in Italy guys I already have
my new iPhone that I wanted to do
things to it for the 500 euros when they bet on
nothing they buy it from me to be up to a point it's
[Music]
out realize that the influencers on
television are not worth [ __ ]
making propaganda it's that these people
get them from Big Brother they don't know how to do anything
else look for example the one with Anabel
Pantoja but guys had a problem with
the mobile the truth is that I had a terrible time
because it had to be fixed and nothing they didn't give me a
solution but it arrived to me with the mobile
through that reason that he took the mobile to be
fixed and they told him that the
mobile that he doesn't have  solution or what the
hell can happen to cell phones cell phones
are repaired cell phones to rules
whatever the hell can happen to your
cell phone so that it has no solution is a fan
of the relatives that I can already imagine
this girl going to the technician to pick up the
cell phone the technician telling them oh
seriously we are sorry we are sorry
Anabel but your cell phone has no cure it has
Ebola and that cannot be cured and
your cousin did it either since we are
or this one is not here now we are going to be
again in that it has arrived you pay only
500 euros
a point it is the products are new
originals and all
discounted up to 70% salty point it
is this day directly seems great
kidnap the one you are recording the
promo at gunpoint and in
recent weeks it is on everyone's lips
well everyone is on the lips
of many people on the internet an
online store called sara these are the things
that this online store has been in
operation for several months in our
country and it has been
operating quite well in Italy for two or three years now that
these people are from Italy and it has become
very well known in Spain in
recent months  because it is being
promoted by many influencers okay
many influencers youtube the people of
the television but what is attracting
outrageous attention in this
web store are without a doubt the prices okay
because the prices are
senseless we can find iPhones
for 500 euros for 400 we have an
iPad this other model of iPhone for 400 there
are even cheaper ones the iPhone X
of 64 GB 309 euros this is
total nonsense and there are many people who have
written me emails asking me hey javi
this could be true there is nothing behind
this there must be some trick obviously
no one is
going to sell you an iPhone for 500 or
400 much less for 300 euros
okay it doesn't make any sense the
only ones that could give you a price I don't know
if it's similar but the maximum offer they
could make you would be from the
manufacturer because they obviously
could lower the product to a maximum of
the cost price at the price that
they have spent on manufacturing the
mobile phone the tablet or whatever the product in
question is 330 euros
this is a person of  my privacy
all the products that are on the web
but that zinc water with 300 euros does not
even give them the metal with which the
mobile phone is manufactured unless it is
implicated to Michael, that does not notice
that he has opened a gameplay channel for me, I
am topical Doral Minecraft, you can
subscribe to give links, the
description Vegeta trembles and it is not
only the fact that you can
get an iPhone X, an iPhone Esquivel,
which I have the iPhone kit and it
cost me 1,200 bucks for the smallest, not
only on this page can you
get an iPhone here for 300 for
bonuses, but on top of that you can get it
with a 20% discount, they are
even cheaper because there are many influencers
promoting it and they have a discount code,
well here we can give
some examples that I know of, the
last name Omar Montes, Autobahn, Ivan Lira
Church or Violeta, it seems to me that it is nothing like
'survivors'
Oriana Lolita that they are for women, men
and vice versa and it is your program Rafa Mora,
Anabel Pantoja Suter Tarifa, there are a
lot  from youtube it's worth ferrer and pay
attention pay attention with the code monica you
can get it for 264 euros 280 or 312
the largest the largest for 302 is
that hector it doesn't make sense
none of it is worth it the first thing that has to
catch your attention when entering this
page is that the payment method to
buy any item is you make
a transfer from your bank to
their account vouchers but to make matters
worse the account is missing
these people are Italian but they have an
account in Malta they have no way to pay
by paypal they have no way to pay by
credit card you have to
send a bank transfer from your bank you
do that it doesn't make sense
any trusted store is worth it that they
don't have the paypal payment method but
at least that accepts
credit card not that you put your card there
and a purchase is made but
you have to make a
bank transfer to an account in Malta well well I'm
going to explain how is it possible that an
online store sells you these
products so cheap according to what
those youtubers who are
doing the promo are selling us these youtubers that
influencer those collaborators of
telecinco they have bought the product
through that page and it has arrived
and that is not true it is worth anything on this
page how it works is the following
let's take as an example an iPhone is
worth an iPhone in fact it costs 300 euros
in reality the iPhone will
cost them whatever it is worth on the market 800
900 thousand it depends on the iPhone let's say
10 people order the iPhone
X and each one spends 300 euros they do not
make the transfer of 300 euros there they would
have three thousand with those three thousand
they can buy the iPhone then they would
have an iPhone for the first three
who have put in the 300 euros but
77 people would be left out those seven
people are left waiting for other
people to put in money again and
as money comes in it is
collected and the iPhone is given to whoever it
touches okay but of course take into account
that it would be out of every ten people seven would be
left out as the
ball grows as time goes by and
more people participate in these
agents
when it is, I mean it is absolutely
impossible that in the end all the
people who make the order end up  with
an iPhone in hand and when I say an
iPhone I mean an iPhone or a
tablet a TV a watch all the
products that are on this page right now have been
running on this page for two or three years
what will come a
time when everything is will come by
smoke bomb like a good bug when
the bottle that suddenly came out like this
is the review with the same big a
smoke bomb and the page will disappear and
you claim to claim a malta account
to which you have passed money because you
wanted to because let's remember one thing if you
are the one who made the transfer
on purpose you are screwed there is little to
recover and if at some point I could
file a criminal complaint perhaps for
fraud but I don't think that anyone for
300 euros would be interested in spending 1,500 or
3,000 on a lawyer to take the
case and file a complaint or so
this way when the time comes it
will explode somewhere and they will take it and
chapala okay the page will disappear this
has a name and it's called a
pyramid scam okay a pyramid scam of a
lifetime of the book there are many people
are asking for articles in  this
page but there are other people who don't who
aren't idiots basically yes it's
true that maybe the first ones that
arrive will receive their mobile phone and they will
have their mobile phone for 300 euros for 200
euros but as I tell you it's all a
pyramid scam of a lifetime very clear okay
well what I'm saying as
people deposit money you are on
a waiting list and when there is money
for your turn you will receive your product it might
hit you a year from the time you
placed the order to the one who denies the
order it might never arrive
many people are jumping on
the influences that are promoting
this they are calling us scammers and
things like that it's throwing an attack
okay I don't give a damn because I don't give a damn and
another thing now the heart is to open
yes to life you the one who yes to this one yes
to the other one you're going to open for us okay
asking for my phone number
saying that you want to do something [ __ ]
that with my number upload it and that it
blows up my phone or in other words you
invent that she's a scammer okay I
can  pass because I have more than
enough evidence to show you that I have
scammed anyone that all the giveaways
that I have done are true that all
the promotions that I do are
true everything I do arrives
now and I am proud that always
since the beginning of Instagram that I have been doing
for two years or so and many
people who have told me to scam them
take what I do instantly because I do
not like that Osaka do not label me
as a scammer anyone from there trying to
break my phone number that has to
change me four times in a
month you are also good to have been that I
want to break the
movement's phone number to you dude no way well
you don't either it's that I do not understand that many
people who are trying to hurt me
many people who if I had done it I would screw up I would shut my
mouth and face my
problems but it's that I have not done it that
is the only one who has promoted that
page not because they are only
beating me up mar montes has done it I have
done it too sofia that is how
a girl from the [ __ ] did it and in
benefit  many more people many more
people now the only one who is being
accused of being a scammer is me why
because if the only thing they are going to bring out
stories I would open that reason with the girl yesterday
and I told her as she should know that
this will be a scam I am going to report you
okay and the girl doesn't know that I told her that she
tells her whatever this way of
reporting she told me no no no you did their
phone numbers everyone
gets their phone numbers I asked for proof I
showed me proof I asked her everything
because you have the comments and 62 everything she
justified everything and I
was calm and from my point of
view the influencers who have participated
in this are not guilty in quote marks
because they have not done it with bad
intentions I am totally sure that
now they are accomplices of this being a
scam and that the transits to
deceive the public or anything for it
they are simply doing their
job their job is that a
brand comes and offers them a job that they
will promote someone through
their Instagram story or a tweet
or whatever in
fact this company is only
promoting itself through Instagram okay it is not being
done  promoting
youtube and twitter videos well just for
instagram stories and these people the only fault they
can have is that they are not
investigating absolutely anything okay they
simply limited themselves to receiving the
money say what they send you to decide and
then [ __ ] off and you have to be a
little more careful with the promos you
accept because people are trusting
you okay and you are telling them that
you have taken and it is that for another
hundreds of euros send a cell phone because
people trust you and Sofia's lover her
listening mate luca bellido call you whatever they
call you your followers trust you it
is that you buy it that the
trusted store and when something happens then they will be
responsible and do not come to me the
idiots on duty to throw me in jail
that I promote Tripoli to
compare it with three better because you enter
a lot okay the first thing is that there is no
proven scam to
this day in fact to this day
if they offered it to me again I would
do it again but at rhythm we are already talking to him
from the first hour of a
betting house that  is making the
fiscal announcement that he wins a prize and
in reality
but we are advertising a
betting house since we are selling that you
can win or you can lose but in
this case it is being sold as an
online store okay like a store where
you are going to buy the money 300 400
500 whatever corresponds and here
an iPhone will arrive at your house it is
completely different ok it has nothing to do with it
but
the credibility of the people does come into play a little bit
because firsthand when
a company comes to me and tells me that they are
selling me a mobile phone that costs one thousand
two hundred euros two thousand euros the
cheapest one they are selling it to me for
three hundred euros and for less than
three hundred euros come back in time since you freak
out no one is going to sell you something
worth a thousand euros for 200 or so on
nobody and that's not even taking into
account that they the people who run
the website will also be taking
their salary for themselves and the money that
the influencers are paying them or so
you were the smart one how
things get complicated and from here I am going to send them a
message  To all the influencers who
have participated in this campaign,
I have spoken with more than one because I
know some of them, okay, many of them are
even my colleagues, I have seen
others that I don't know and they all
agree that they went
to ask the girl who
takes them to the promotion and that the girl
told them no, that there is no trickery,
that this is simply a
waiting list, let's see, guys, there would be a
little spoiler and I hope not to break your
heart, the person from the company that
proposed the collaboration to us will
never, ever admit that it is a scam,
okay, or that there is anything strange in fact,
I even think they have their back
quite covered because on their page they
are already warning that there is a
waiting list and you are voluntarily making a
transfer from your
account at the moment that you are the one
making the transfer, okay, what you are
doing is a card payment for a
service, your voluntarily
transferring money to someone's
bank account, you are to blame, you have to
lose if you don't get anything, so
from here I am going to send a
message to my colleagues, okay, they are
promoting these things and not only
to my colleagues but also to everyone  the
telecinco contestants who are
participating and promoting this and
wash their hands of it, they've already put up with it. Okay, get
rid of this
promo as soon as possible because when it
explodes, their followers who have
trusted them are going to ask for
explanations and they are
partly responsible. Basically, what I would do
right now if I were you
would be to make an Instagram story.
Look, guys, I just realized
that this page is not very reliable, okay,
so don't buy hard expenses on
this page, don't participate in it and you
go ahead and lose your hands because
I can tell you that this company is going to
claim nothing from us, guys, there's not much more
to add to this, okay, I hope I've
involved you as best I can because I don't
want too many people to be harmed
by these things. I've experienced
firsthand that they write to me for money and I have a
video uploaded, I'm going to leave it
here too. I've experienced firsthand the fact of
falling for a scam and being scammed for 450
euros that they completely swindled me out of
today, nine years after  this
happened the case has already been closed because I
filed a complaint and they are going to return the
money to me, I don't know if little by little ok
but I remember perfectly that at that
time I was quite tight on
money because I worked alone at home
and I had a family to support and
450 euros the truth is that they did me
quite a bit of damage and I would not like any
of those who follow me to fall into this and
go through the same thing so well you are
warned
if you have now to buy some
product like a powerful Apple mobile
or whatever get it working
now
money and if it is not within your
possibilities then nothing happens worth it
everything in this life is not about
material things you can put on YouTube and
enjoy my pretty face totally
free for example and nothing I will be reading
in the comments what you think about
this subject I send you a huge hug and
until the next video
[Music]